Explicitly state lack of support for bytecode < Java 8 (#3036)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/faq.md

Kotlin lets you choose the version of JVM for execution. By default, the Kotlin/JVM compiler produces Java 8 compatible bytecode.
If you want to make use of optimizations available in newer versions of Java, you can explicitly specify the target Java
version from 9 to 18. Note that in this case the resulting bytecode might not run on lower versions.

> Starting with [Kotlin 1.5](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew15.html#new-default-jvm-target-1-8), the compiler does not support producing bytecode compatible with Java versions below 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with [Kotlin 1.5](whatsnew15.md#new-default-jvm-target-1-8), the compiler does not support producing bytecode compatible with Java versions below 8.
```
